Fix for #3111 Read form values and request body before sending request to RoundTripper (#3276)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Renamed `-<prefix>.redis.enable-tls` CLI flag to `-<prefix>.redis.tls-enabled`, and its respective YAML config option from `enable_tls` to `tls_enabled`. #3298
* [CHANGE] Increased default `-<prefix>.redis.timeout` from `100ms` to `500ms`. #3301
* [CHANGE] `cortex_alertmanager_config_invalid` has been removed in favor of `cortex_alertmanager_config_last_reload_successful`. #3289

> * [CHANGE] Query POST requests: body size is read up to 10MiB. #3276

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Query-frontend: POST requests whose body size exceeds 10MiB will be rejected. The max body size can be customised via `-frontend.downstream-max-body-size`. #3276
```

Author: Thanks, changed 👍
